{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calligraphic810BT-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\f0\fs22 \cf0 The world of Etan suffers.
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
It is the year 1302 after the second moon appeared in the sky, and once again there is a change in the heavens.  The stars shine so bright that they can often be seen during the full light of day, but they bring no comfort.  Instead, their wrath screams down in meteors causing destruction and death from above.
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
There is trouble from below as well.  Raiders and vicious beasts, once rare, are now common in the countryside surrounding the village of Thornberry, where <human/gnome> call home.  Some risk the dangers outside and flee, bound for what they hope are safer lands far away.  Others, such as <Pixies/beastmasters>, come from their homes in the wilderness to stay within the relative safety of the city walls.
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
After a raiding party decimated the city guard and nearly had their way with the town, <cleric/bard/knight/Sorcerer/Beastmaster/archer/human> decided it was time to take action.  He/She set a bonfire and called on the willing to stand with him/her.  But only <non-beast-count> others arrived.  That night they took an oath before the flames to band together, to take a stand, to walk the path of heroes and fight back against the dark tide.
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
The town sorcerer, Rayliny Hallistar, is said to have made a discovery regarding the mysterious meteor showers.  Everyone agrees that learning from Hallistar is the best way to begin.  They take turns at watch during the night by the fire, and agree to find Hallistar at daybreak.}