{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calligraphic810BT-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green79\blue79;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c18431\c30980\c30980;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf2 Spells
\fs19 \
\
Sparks\
Sprays a single enemy with a shower of molten sparks causing minimal damage.\cf0 \
This is the first attack spell that any magic user learns.  It only effects one enemy.  This spell is quickly replaced by learning better attack spells, but everyone has to start somewhere.\
\
\
\cf2 Bandage\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 Wraps a single character\'92s worst wounds in magical bandages causing a minor increase of health.\
This is the first healing spell that any magic user learns.  Only effects one character.  Once a better healing spell is learned, there is little reason to ever use this spell again.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf2 Sleep\cf0 \
Puts a single enemy into a natural sleep.\
Creatures in a natural sleep will be woken up if hit by attacks, damaging spells, or if a beast roars.\
\
\
Blanket\
Puts multiple enemies into a natural sleep.\
Creatures in a natural sleep will be woken up if hit by attacks, damaging spells, or if a beast roars.  Which enemies are effected is random, but the number and likelihood of success both increase with Rank, so this spell remains useful for the whole game.\
\
\
\cf2 Awaken\cf0 \
Revives a single character from unconsciousness or sleep.\
Only affects one character.  This can be used to wake a character from either a natural or magical sleep.\
\
\
Wake Horn\
Blasts a magical \
\
\
\cf2 Trip\cf0 \
Knocks a single enemy off of their feet and rolls them onto their back, reducing their stats and forcing them to waste a turn getting back up. \
Only affects one enemy.  Some creatures take more than one turn to get up once flipped onto their back.\
\
\
\cf2 Lift\cf0 \
Returns a single tripped character to their feet without having to waste a turn getting up.\
Some creatures take more than one turn to get back on their feet, so this spell is more useful to some races than others.\
\
\
\cf2 Daze\cf0 \
Causes a single enemy to become dazed, reducing their stats, for one or more turns.\
It can take multiple turns to wake from being dazed naturally without intervening.\
\
\
\cf2 Frighten\
Scares a single enemy, reducing their stats.\
It can take multiple turns to recover from being scared.\
\
\
Clear Mind\cf0 \
Removes the Dazed and or Frightened condition from a single character.\
It can take multiple turns for a creature to recover from being Dazed or Frightened without intervening.\
\
\
\cf2 Poison\cf0 \
Poisons a single enemy, causing a reduction of stats and the loss of a small amount of health each turn.\
Some creatures can poison your characters just by attacking them during combat, such as poisonous snakes and Sylavin dragons.\
\
\
\cf2 Antidote\cf0 \
Cures the poisoned condition from a single character.\
This spell works whether the poisoning was natural or magical.\
\
\
Poison Cloud\
Attempts to poison a number of enemies, reducing their stats and causing a small amount of damage each turn.  The number of creatures effected depends on the caster\'92s intelligence and Rank.\
Some creatures breathe a poisonous cloud that can effect your characters in the same way as this spell.}