{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calligraphic810BT-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Alchemy
\fs32 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf0 There are 32 potions and 32 herbs that can be mixed together with each other to create new concoctions.  This process of mixing potions and herbs is called Alchemy.  The results from Alchemy can be applied to items to enchant them, but this is not considered Alchemy.  Some highly valued items can only be created this way.  Some quests can only be completed through Alchemy or item enchantment.  Players will not be forced to engage in Alchemy to win the game, but it is a way to gain advantage, so information provided during play will remind and tempt.  Alchemy can only be performed by players with a magic mortar and pestle item.  Alchemy never fails.  It always results in a new concoction with properties based on the ingredients.  Some combinations result in a special, named, concoction that is more than the sum of its parts.  These combinations are called recipes.  Some recipes will be given to the player in the manual, and some are only revealed while adventuring.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Potions
\fs22 \
Potions take the form of a drinkable tonic, poison, liquor, brew, drink, or infusion, or a usable rub, balm, salve, ointment, cream, mash.  There are also potions that are acids.  Acids are both drinkable and usable, but no matter which way you choose to apply it, it\'92s gonna hurt\'85  Each Potion has effects that can be applied even before they are mixed in Alchemy.\
\
Name		Form		Permanent	Effects\
Critter Cream\
Creature\'92s Cup\
Brigand Brew\
Barbarian\'92s Blend\
Mirky Mix\
Sister Spit\
Brawler Brandy\
Swill Swig\
Wet Willow\
Savage Soup\
Dazzling Dose\
Gut Guzzle\
Festering Ferment\
Toxic Tonic\
Life Liquor\
Poetic Poison\
Jester Juice\
Sinister Spirits\
Dungeon Dew\
Gargoyle Gargle\
Imp\'92s Infusion\
Dark Drown\
Black Bitter\
Dragon Drool\
Evil Elixir\
Devil\'92s Drop\
Rigor Remedy\
Demon Dance\
Torment Tincture\
Djinn Drink\
Ancient Antidote\
Never Nectar\
\
\
\

\fs36 Herbs
\fs22 \
Herbs take the form of either a flower, grass, vine, stem, leaf, root, or seed.  Each herb has an amount that is defined by a use count.  Herbs are all edible and must be eaten to trigger whatever their effect is, whether beneficial or harmful.  Each Herb has effects that can be applied by eating them even before they are mixed in Alchemy.\
\
Name 		Form		Permanent 	Effects\
Blood Root\
Oak Nose\
Yellow Dot\
Maze Bloom\
Never Lilly\
Dragon Stem\
Elf Ear\
Winter Bloom\
Green Lock\
River Sprig\
Drowners Fern\
White Leaf\
Black Tail\
Kings Weed\
Pixie Cap\
Troll Sprout \
Witch Stand\
Brown Tip\
Hag Sprout\
Jungle Dream\
War Pick\
Oger Vein\
Trick Tree\
Jester Shade\
Blade Bud\
Maiden Grass\
Garden Steel\
Wind Raker\
Three Thorn\
Cobbler\'92s Mint\
Love Lace\
Grave Bell\
\
\
\
\

\fs36 Form Combination Rules
\fs22 \
Herbs mixed only with other herbs always produce a powder blend in a bag/sack/sachet/pouch.\
Drinkable potions mixed with anything else always result in another drinkable potion.\
A liquor mixed with anything else always results in either another liquor, drink, or brew.\
Potions that are not drinkable, when mixed with other potions or herbs always result in another non-drinkable form.\
\
\

\fs36 Possible Reactions
\fs22 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
Conditions\ulnone \
Hero/Embolden/Daze/Daunt/Panic/Poison\
\
\ul Permanent or Temporary Enchantment\ulnone \
+/- % Trait (see Traits)\
Allows casting curse or bless without items\
Allows flying during combat\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Recipes
\fs22 \
TODO\
\
\
\
My app has lots of bitfield enums that need various supporting functions (toString(), fromString(), countSetBits(), isValid(), etc\'85). So I used the CRTP to make a base class with static functions for everything I need.  Everything works great, EXCEPT, I can\'92t get the bitwise operations to work.\
\
Why don\'92t operators 1 and 2 work, and allow A and B to compile?  Operators 3 and 4 work fine, and they look the same to me.  (C-style casts only used to save space)\
\
Stumped.  Please help.}