{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calligraphic810BT-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs48 \cf0 Race
\fs22 \
Each of your characters is of a certain Race.  Race determines more than just what you look like, it also effects your starting stats.  You should choose your Race and Role to work well together.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Human
\fs22 \
Humans are a versatile race.  They are slightly stronger and more accurate with weapons, making them natural Archers, but they are a solid choice for other roles as well.  However, Humans lack the magical spark that brings luck, so they seldom make good Thieves.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Gnome
\fs22 \
Gnomes may be short and lack strength, but they have deceptively fast hands.  They are known to be grumpy, but the touch of magic that runs through their veins makes them luckier than any other race.  You may not like them, but they make excellent Thieves, and parties without a Thief on their side will regret it.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Pixie
\fs22 \
The Pixie is a tiny winged creature from the ancient world, but a few are still known to exist.  Their obvious lack of strength is more than made up for by their other significant advantages, including speed to keep their fragile bodies away from the melee.  They are the most intelligent race, making excellent Sorcerers and Clerics.  Pixies speak their own language, and sing so well they even make good Bards.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Wolfen
\fs22 \
The Wolfen are relatives of Dire Wolves, but magic fuels their strength and senses.  They gain significant special abilities as they progress in rank.  They may be weak in the beginning, an difficult to raise, but for those willing to put in the required time and care they grow into fearsome allies.  As with Dragons, having a Wolfen in your party means most innkeepers will turn you away, but the advantages often out-weigh the trouble of camping outside.  In fact, having a Wolfen in your party is an excellent way to prevent being surprised by dangers in the wilderness.  One of your adventurers must be a Beastmaster to have a Wolfen in your party.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Dragon
\fs22 \
The Dragons of Etan start out as vicious flightless lizards about half the size of a horse, but they grow into sky dwelling terrors.  As with Wolfens, having a Dragon in your party means few innkeepers will let you stay in their rooms, but the advantages often out-weigh the trouble of camping outside.  There are two types of Dragons available to join your party, Firebrand and Sylavin.  The differences between them become more apparent as they progress through the ranks, and gain magical abilities.  One of your adventurers must be a Beastmaster to have a Dragon in your party.
\fs24 \
}