{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calligraphic810BT-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Role
\fs22 \
Each character in your party has a profession or specialty, designated by their Role.  There are ten Roles to choose from.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Beastmaster
\fs22 \
Beastmasters allow you to include animals, such as Wolfens and Dragons, in your party.  They may be rough around the edges, but a Beastmaster\'92s spiritual link with animals is useful in many ways.  They can also be good fighters in the melee.  As they progress in rank, Beastmasters gain magical abilities that interact with the animals both in, and out, of your party.  This is why intelligence is the primary attribute a Beastmaster is concerned with, followed closely by strength.  Secondary attributes to consider would be accuracy and speed.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Sorcerer
\fs22 \
The Sorcerer is a role that is completely devoted to magic.  They specialize in all the arcane arts except for healing.  They are useless with weapons, and may be weak in the beginning, but in higher ranks they are a dominating presence to be reckoned with.  A Sorcerer\'92s primary attribute is intelligence, but also consider speed for dodging attacks.  Luck never hurts a spell caster either...
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Cleric
\fs22 \
The Cleric is religious leader, focused on the magic of nature and all the various healing arts.  They are almost as devoted to magic as the Sorcerer, and over time will learn powerful spells of all kinds.  Most groups of adventurers find the restorative powers of the Cleric to be essential.  Having considerable charm also makes the Cleric ideal for negotiations, bartering, and diplomacy.  Primary attributes are charm and intelligence, but also consider speed for dodging attacks.  Luck never hurts a spell caster either...
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Knight
\fs22 \
Your adventures will be fraught with battle, and that is when a Knight will serve your party well.  They may not be the brightest of companions, but they make up for it by keeping your party safe.  Knights can use the widest variety of weapons and armor.  They are the only role that gains no magical abilities as they progress in rank.  All roles have the opportunity to be granted titles that provide special bonuses and abilities, and Knights have more titles to be earned than any other role.  A Knight\'92s primary attributes are strength and accuracy, but consider speed as well to assist in dodging attacks.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Archer
\fs22 \
The Archer\'92s best friends are his bow, and his accuracy using it.  While an Archer can swing a sword if they need to, they get special bonuses for using projectile weapons, such as slings, blowpipes, and of course, the bow and arrow.  Having an Archer is helpful for fighting flying enemies.  The primary attributes of an Archer are accuracy and strength, but don\'92t discount speed and luck when using a bow...
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Bard
\fs22 \
The Bard is a jack of many trades.  They may not be the fastest, but they weave the arts of a Cleric, the spells of a Sorcerer, and sometimes even the brawn of a Knight into one role.  Most of their skill lies in magical song that aid their fellow adventurers and hamper enemies.  Due to their talents being spread out, Bards may not be powerful in the beginning, and inexperienced players may struggle to guide them in the early ranks.  Intelligence and Charm are most important to a Bard, but also consider strength if you want them to be warriors as well.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Thief
\fs22 \
They are deplorable criminals, but every group of adventurers needs a Thief.  There will be locked doors and chests to pick open, and the need to steal back what is taken.  Some adventures are simply not available to a party without a Thief.  Luck and Speed are the Thief\'92s primary attributes, but also consider intelligence for the magic that will come with higher rank.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Wolfen
\fs22 \
There is only one possible role for a Wolfen, and that is to be their loyal but vicious selves.  They grow into powerful beasts that crave the magic of moon and starlight.  Their growl will strike fear into your enemies, and send the weak fleeing for their lives.  But it is never wise to run from a Wolfen, because they love to chase down, trip, and then devour.  Consider strength and speed when crafting a Wolfen, but don\'92t forget intelligence for the magic that comes with higher rank.  Also consider the many advantages of having multiple Wolfens in your party.  A pack of Wolfens work together...
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Firebrand
\fs22 \
Firebrands are the classic bright red fire breathers of dragon legend.  There is magic in the fire that escapes their mouths, and it can do far more than just burn, such as destroying an enemy\'92s weapons and armor.  As rank increases, Firebrand dragons will also learn a few spells of their own.  Primary attributes are strength and intelligence.  While they will eventually learn to fly, consider a high speed attribute to dodge attacks.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs36 \cf0 Sylavin
\fs22 \
The Sylavin dragon is a more thoughtful creature than the Firebrand.  They can do more damage to a single opponent, but lack the ability to attack multiple foes at once.  They are blue-green in color, and breathe a toxic stream of freezing mist instead of fire.  They learn powerful breath attacks slower than the Firebrand, but learn to fly faster.  Sylavin dragons learn many unusual powers as rank increases, and are more versatile than the Firebrands.  Primary attributes are intelligence and strength, but as with any dragon, speed is useful for dodging attacks.\
}