{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calligraphic810BT-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\f0\fs22 \cf0 You play Heroes\'92 Path with a group of six adventurers called a party.  This screen is for creating characters one at a time to be in your party.  The first thing to do is decide what Roles you want a character to be.  Role is simply a character\'92s occupation, or type.  You should choose the combination of Roles in your party carefully, so they work well together as a team.
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
If you are new to the game, there are four recommended sets of Roles that are known to be effective and fun to play.  (Note that a Beastmaster is required if you want a Dragon or Wolfen in your party.)
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
Classic
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
Knight
\fs24 \

\fs22 Archer
\fs24 \

\fs22 Bard
\fs24 \

\fs22 Thief
\fs24 \

\fs22 Cleric
\fs24 \

\fs22 Sorcerer
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
\
\
Pet
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
Knight
\fs24 \

\fs22 Beastmaster
\fs24 \

\fs22 Dragon or Wolfen
\fs24 \

\fs22 Bard
\fs24 \

\fs22 Thief
\fs24 \

\fs22 Cleric
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
\
\
Wing
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
Beastmaster
\fs24 \

\fs22 Firebrand Dragon
\fs24 \

\fs22 Sylavin Dragon
\fs24 \

\fs22 Sorcerer or Bard
\fs24 \

\fs22 Thief
\fs24 \

\fs22 Cleric
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
\
\
Howler
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
Beastmaster
\fs24 \

\fs22 Wolfen
\fs24 \

\fs22 Wolfen
\fs24 \

\fs22 Wolfen
\fs24 \

\fs22 Thief
\fs24 \

\fs22 Cleric
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
\
To make a character, first select the Role and Race.  Use the text descriptions to guide you. Then hold down the space bar to summon a random set of attributes.  Drag the attributes up and down to customize them for the adventurer you are crafting.  Use the attribute description text on the right side of the screen to guide you.  If you don\'92t like the attribute values you have, simply hold down the space bar again to randomly summon more.  Finally, give your character a name and then click the Create button.  Once you have created all the characters you need, click the Next button.  You can always return and make more characters.
\fs24 \
}